[opening theme music playing]
[suspenseful music playing]
From this point forward, no one must open
this child's gate of energy.
[Jin] Jang Gang, stop right there!
You can't just abandon him like this.
What will happen to this child?
What will people say if they find out
about Do-hwa and this child?
They'll say he is not yours,
and say he's an illegitimate child
of Do-hwa.
Since my wife gave birth to him,
he will be taken care of
by the Jang family.
After his mother's funeral's over,
I'll send someone.
Are you abandoning him?
Is he…
really not your flesh and blood?
[sighs]
Believe whatever you want to be true.
If he's only going to bring us trouble,
I'll rid him from this place right now.
[Jin] I'm right. He really is your son.
Your son, who you are willing
to risk your own life to save.
I'm just doing
what I can to save his life.
If he lives as my son
with his gate of energy blocked,
he will have a chance to survive.
But if he ever tries
to find his own destiny
instead of living as my son,
he will not make it out alive.
Who is this child's…
father?
His father is already a dead man.
[Jang Gang]
He never should have entered this world.
He never should have been born.
[exhales deeply]
[maid Kim] Master, are you all right?
[gasps softly]
Why did you drag this girl out with you?
Let her go.
[maid Kim gasps]
[somber music playing]
I'm sorry for all the trouble I caused.
[Jin] Why did you bring
this girl out here to us?
You could have almost died
when she tried to poison you.
Mu-deok is not the one
who's responsible for that.
I did this by myself.
I couldn't live in a body
that was unable to cast magic anymore,
so I drank the poison.
All she did was risk her life
following the orders I gave.
This is all because of me, sir.
-Jang Uk, you fool!
-Please, hold in your anger for now.
The Young Master still hasn't recovered
from the poison just yet.
Once he has fully recovered,
you may punish him as you see fit.
Uk could have actually died just now.
He will die for sure
if you take it too far.
[Dang-gu]
Just look at how pale he is, huh!
You can take him home.
Young Master, let's go.
Let's go to Sejukwon to get you treated.
Mu-deok comes, too.
Is this the time to worry about Mu-deok?
Mu-deok needs to be treated as much as me.
I will not go without her.
Young Master.
[Jin] Fine, you ingrate .Just die. Die!
-Go lock the two of them up!
-Ah, Uncle, please, calm yourself.
If what Uk says is true,
then she did nothing wrong.
She's severely injured.
[Seo Yul] Without treatment,
she could die.
Even after having taken such a beating,
it's incredible
that she's still breathing.
So if she dies, you can hold a funeral.
[breathes shakily]
Please save her, sir!
Mu-deok… risked her life
to do what I asked.
She can only be treated
if she goes to Sejukwon.
Please, just save her!
[somber music playing]
[Jin sighs]
I can't even look at them.
Take them both to Sejukwon right now.
-[Dang-gu] U… Uk.
-[breathes heavily]
[maid Kim exhales]
I'll deal with Mu-deok,
so please, go ahead.
Mu-deok.
Mu-deok, come on, get up!
[suspenseful music playing]
-Come here! I can take her.
-No, no!
[Jang Uk] I will do it.
But you can't even walk right now.
I can do it.
She's my servant, so I'll do it.
[maid Kim]
But you can barely get up yourself.
Can't you let someone else take her?
Yeah. So…
-carry her for me.
-What?
Lift her!
-Me? Carry her?
-Yeah.
Why do I have to be the one to carry her?
-Come here, come here.
-Wait! Young…
I-- Uh, just wait, oh!
Oh, my. Oh, my…
-[Jang Uk] Hey, Yul.
-[grunts]
Oh, all right.
Mu-deok's taken care of,
so give me a hand.
I have no strength left
to walk to Sejukwon, so let's go.
-[Jang Uk] Oh.
-[Seo Yul grunts]
Should I carry him?
-It's fine!
-Oh, of course! Right, sounds good!
[Jang Uk] Hey, Maid-- Maidservant Kim,
-be more careful!
-[maid Kim groans, grunts]
-Oh, my goodness.
-Hey, hey!
[Jang Uk] Come on! Be careful.
Uk has managed to…
finally open his gate of energy after all.
[sighs]
He was willing to end his life.
I couldn't just sit and watch.
I guess he knew that we could never…
not too old that we couldn't
save him from dying like that.
Of course, he must have drank the poison,
knowing that he would be saved.
[coughs]
Are you all right?
[breathes heavily]
It's just opening his gate of energy
and treating him.
I've lost like ten years of energy.
[exhales deeply]
So not only you opened the gate,
you even gave him extra energy?
Why would I hoard all this energy?
[breathes heavily] He was poisoned,
so I gave him a little
to speed up his recovery.
Once Uk recovers, you absolutely must…
take it back.
Do you really think that's necessary,
now his gate's open?
He's about 20 years
behind the other mages his age.
Even if he begins training
right this instant,
he'll be 60 before he does anything
that could be considered notable.
But that was the destiny
that child had been given.
He has to remain that way.
[sighs]
If that's what you wish
we do, I'll retrieve it.
You know what?
[groans] I'm exhausted. I need some rest.
Go and bring me some wine.
[whimsical music playing]
You want some wine?
[Heo Yeom chuckles]
I mean…
why would there be wine
in the room of a skilled mage?
I've seen it before.
The one hidden behind there.
Right. That wine you drink
whenever you start to get lonely.
-I do not get lonely!
-[exclaims]
[exasperated sigh]
I just merely…
Ah, my head!
[grunts]
It's just because…
because of that thing, you know…
Ah, insomnia.
Insomnia is what I need it for.
[Heo Yeom] Mm-hmm.
It's my medicine to help with that.
[clears throat]
[laughs]
[Heo Yeom] You're not sleeping
because you're lonely, right?
You should have gotten married
when you were younger.
Ah, are you alone because
you just can't forget about Do-hwa?
-[Jin grunts]
-[gasps]
[laughs]
[cupboard opens]
Hey!
Empty.
There's nothing here!
I mean, that's impossible.
[breathes shakily]
Huh!
It's all…
Ah, you must have been pretty lonely.
I only had a glass any time
that I couldn't-- couldn't sleep.
-Just one each time.
-[laughs]
Oh!
[exhales happily]
This is the wine that
my uncle stashes in his room to drink.
Doesn't it taste quite nice?
[chuckles]
So, anyway, our Uk's lifelong dream
has finally come true.
So let's celebrate.
That girl, Mu-deok,
he recently brought her
from a brothel, isn't that right?
Mm.
Although they just met, she was
actually willing to risk her life for him.
[sighs] It's very strange.
She'd rather have died than being
a gisaeng and Uk saved her from being one.
She hated the idea of being a gisaeng
so much that she pretended to be blind.
You see! Have a drink, yeah.
Oh, she was blind?
Oh, yeah. That's what I heard from Ju-wol.
She was blind when she first came in.
But when she left,
she could see just fine.
Hey, but the wine's so good!
[sighs]
So, she knows how to deceive.
She lied about being blind
and she lied about poisoning him.
She never even said a word
when she was being tortured.
Yeah, well, she's not
the same as she looks.
On the outside,
she looks so cute and gentle.
Someone who is not
as they seem is hiding something.
[Dang-gu] Uh?
-You drink it all.
-Mm, so what?
Seeing that your uncle
is running over here,
I think you might be in big trouble.
-I didn't drink any.
-[Dang-gu] Yul, Yul, wait! Yul!
Yul! Wait, Yul!
-Whoa.
-Dang-gu.
[awkward chuckle]
I really screwed up.
[Jin] Park Dang-gu.
It was you, wasn't it?
No, no.
[Dang-gu] Oh.
-[yelps]
-Come here, right now.
-Dang-gu.
-Hey, hey, hey, hey.
[Jin grunts]
Is she breathing?
Oh.
You are…
You kept fainting,
so I was worried you were going to die.
-[grunts]
-No, wait!
Does it hurt?
I feel like everything is broken.
They said you didn't break anything.
-Really?
-Mm.
Why does it hurt so much
if nothing is broken?
What a useless body!
So, hey…
why did you say that you poisoned me?
You could have just said
that you didn't know what I had taken,
and they wouldn't have
tortured you like this.
I had to make sure that they believe
that you were really dying.
Otherwise, would they have actually
opened your gate of energy?
They would have just made some antidote.
So you really did risk your life for me.
I thought they would cut off
an arm or maybe a leg.
But I'm all right.
This is just like I thought.
Songrim is way too nice.
If this is how they torture someone…
[scoffs]
And you…
don't really look
too good yourself, do you?
So why are you here, then?
To take care of you, obviously.
Every healer here is a mage.
We can't have them find out about you.
So I made sure to keep the door closed
so no one can see you.
I changed your clothes,
I put on ointment on all your wounds.
I even gave you a massage like this
whenever you passed out.
-You did?
-Mm.
I'm the only person
who can get so close to you like this.
[soft music playing]
All my life,
I was surrounded by people
who just ignored my desperation.
You are the first person who has ever…
risked their life for me.
[relieved sighs]
Your pupil has come back
alive as he promised,
so you're my master from now on.
Until now, I've served under 12 masters.
People thought I was expelled 12 times,
but in truth, I was the one who left them.
Now that I have finally
found my true master,
your pupil kneels before you
swearing their service
forever to their master.
[Mu-deok] On one condition.
Do not say anything
about our relationship to anyone.
You'll continue as my Young Master.
I'll remain as your servant, Mu-deok.
Also,
as master and pupil,
our relationship can only last until
you become the best
and help me get my energy back.
Then the contract's over.
As soon as my energy returns
and I become Naksu once again,
we will no longer be master and pupil.
Is there a reason
you're insisting on this?
Because…
you won't have reason to protect me,
nor will I have anything left to…
show or teach you.
[soft music playing]
So, do you want us to go
separate ways once this is all done?
Mm.
All right, then.
When you abandon me
after I'm no longer of use,
your student will respect your decision.
Kneel before your master, my pupil.
I, Jang Uk,
promise to serve and protect
my master, Mu-deok, with my life.
[suspenseful music playing]
[whimpers]
[groans]
[ominous music playing]
[eunuch 1 breathes roughly]
[Jin Mu] I see that
you're back to your real self.
You will not run wild for a while.
Then… I will meet you at the royal palace.
Even soul shifters who have to
run wild and feed on human souls
manage to be useful.
Did you deal with the girl
that Naksu's soul shifted into?
Yes, we disposed of the body in the lake.
Did you find the blue mark
of a soul shifter?
She doesn't have the blue mark.
This is Naksu.
Yes, I checked.
The Naksu I used to know
would not have lost
to someone like you so easily.
She must have lost a lot of energy
being in such a weak body.
If a soul shifts,
is it possible for it to lose energy?
If a soul's energy is too strong,
and it enters a body
it's incompatible with,
the energy cannot be accessed.
Have you seen it happened before?
[coughs]
[Jin Mu] Sire.
I'm Jin Mu, Master Jang's pupil.
I heard you were asking for me.
[breathes roughly, coughs]
[Seong breathes heavily]
Jin Mu.
[Jin Mu] Sire.
I'm not really the king.
I'm your master, Jang Gang.
My soul has shifted into the king's body.
[gasps]
Is that you, Master?
Yeah, the king and I shifted
souls with each other.
Then where is he now?
His soul is in my body.
I have to get it back as soon as possible.
But I'm out of energy.
I need… you to help me.
Master.
I don't know how to perform
the alchemy of souls.
Bring me the Soul Ejector
from Cheonbugwan Secret Room.
I will teach you how to perform
the alchemy of souls.
[Jin Mu] Because he was weakened,
he couldn't retrieve his energy.
So I got an opportunity.
I was lucky.
[laughs softly]
Take these bodies away and burn them.
[ominous music playing]
Search the brothel
where the gisaeng selling
this Spirit Plaque used to work.
Find out who
this Spirit Plaque belongs to.
Do it discreetly.
Yes, sir.
Oh, oh. Oh!
Whoa! Oh!
[Mu-deok] What are you doing?
[Jang Uk] Oh.
It's…
It's so cold, my legs will freeze.
Of course, the water is cold.
Why are you sitting in it?
It's the first time
I felt something so bone-chilling.
When my gate was blocked,
I would collapse from such a small chill.
Even though my whole body is shivering,
I can't believe
I'm standing here just fine.
My gate is really open now.
If you manage to master spell casting,
you'll feel neither cold on ice
nor hot walking on fire.
[Jang Uk] What were you like
before you shifted souls?
I heard a lot of rumors
since you were kind of infamous.
But I never had
a chance to see you myself.
Well, I heard
you were pretty strong, then.
[scoffs]
"Pretty strong" is not
how I would describe myself.
I would have to say
I was extremely strong.
Mm, "extremely", you say.
In order to become
the best mage you can possibly be,
there are several abilities
you must master.
[Mu-deok] First, the ability to gather
the energy of water from your body, Jipsu.
[light music playing]
Second, the ability to gain energy
from the flow of water, Ryusu.
Then, the ability to control
energy in the atmosphere…
Chisu.
And I am a top-class mage who has managed
to successfully reach Chisu.
There aren't many in Daeho
who have mastered going close to Chisu.
Master, I'm really impressed.
You live up to your name, don't you, huh?
I did.
I had the ability
to move silently like a shadow.
And where I passed,
the heads of my enemies
would roll off like flowers from a tree.
I was known as Naksu,
the Shadow Assassin.
[epic music playing]
I could walk on water as if I was flying,
and the wind blew
wherever I happened to pass.
[epic music continues playing]
When I passed,
it would rain all around me.
Ooh!
[Mu-deok scoffs]
I am someone
who can even create snow and rainfall,
the best mage in this land, Naksu.
[groans]
-[Mu-deok groans]
-Oh!
-[groans]
You all right?
-[breathes heavily]
-Oh.
I just ran for a brief moment,
and it feels like
my damn lungs are going to explode.
[sighs]
Ah!
What-What-What?
Cramp! I just got a cramp.
A cramp? A cramp?
Ugh, these legs are too short, skinny,
and weak to stand the cold as well.
This boy's just totally useless.
[both sigh]
Be careful, will you?
You are no longer
the Shadow Assassin, Naksu.
You're now Mu-deok,
the Jang family's servant.
So, you can't run around
like before, you know,
or jump around like a little frog.
You will get hurt.
I feel miserable.
Stop acting miserable.
You have your pupil now.
And now with my gate open,
we can start training right away.
But first, you should put on your shoes.
Why?
You are not very agile.
Pick it up.
[Jang Uk] Why would I do that?
So I can see how good my pupil really is,
make me forget how miserable I am.
Huh?
Oh.
[Jang Uk grunts]
[yells]
Ow!
Why did you hit me, huh?
You have absolutely no swordsmanship.
This time, show me how you fight.
[exhales deeply]
[grunts]
[groans]
You little…
Ow, that hurts.
[Jang Uk breathes heavily]
Oh.
[yelps, grunts]
You can hardly fight
with your hands, either.
You're far worse
than I ever expected you to be.
Well, that's-- that's because
I haven't learned how yet!
[clicks tongue]
[Mu-deok] You told me
you have had 12 masters.
Although you can't have learned spells
because of your closed gate of energy,
if you had just tried,
you could have learned basic martial arts.
I had little motivation
to try anything in that setting.
As you already know,
I need to feel motivated
in order to pursue something.
[scoffs] That's because you are lazy.
I've come to realize that you've never
actually lifted a finger at home.
I know everything,
so test me. All right, yeah!
There's nothing I don't know.
How do you think I recognized you?
It's because I recognized you
doing Tansu. I know it all.
You're just all talk.
At least now I can do more than just talk.
Whoa.
Did you just see that?
Look how fast I can learn!
Jipsu should be easy to master.
How long does it take to learn?
As a quick learner,
it only took me five years.
Slow learners could take 20 years.
But you…
you may master it quicker than most people
as you're Jang Gang's son.
What does he have to do with this?
The only genius who managed
to master Jipsu in a year was Jang Gang.
If you can achieve that,
you might even prove to people
that you are indeed his son.
Well, I doubt it's possible, though.
If it took him a whole year,
I can do it in six months.
Wait, let's halve that,
in just three months.
You are foolish.
I have spirit. Don't discourage me now.
Maidservant Kim has asked me
to sweep this entire yard.
You seem to have recovered quite a bit,
and filled with such spirit. Help me!
What…
Mu-deok,
this lazy Young Master can't do anything
he doesn't feel motivated to do.
[scoffs]
Good luck.
Oh!
It's so chilly. So, so chilly!
That arrogant, lazy, useless show-off!
[Jang Uk] Oh, wow, so chilly.
So cold! Oh, God!
[maid Kim] Master Heo was kind enough
to have made Uk an herbal medicine.
It seems to be working very well,
with his gate of energy now… fully open.
[laughs]
Maid Kim, you seem to be…
very delighted by this.
[sighs]
Can you really be upset
that he opened his gate of energy?
You weren't going to do anything
even when he was about to die.
If Master Heo didn't step in,
Young Master Uk would have surely died.
But he could have found a way to save him
without opening his gate of energy,
I'm sure.
How cold of you!
There's a reason you've always kept
your distance from him due to…
the rumors I've heard?
What rumors do you mean?
Don't pretend that you don't know.
Certainly, you must have heard
about some of the rumors
that have been going around
that you're secretly his father.
That… Do not dare to spread such…
[stutters]
…such obscene and absurd rumors!
Well, they're not completely absurd.
Really, we both know that before she got…
married, you were in love with her.
I recall you used to
write her poems and send her gifts.
I witnessed it all.
People often say you remain single
because you have not forgotten about her.
What about you, Maid Kim?
Are you not still hung up
on Jang Gang, huh?
That's why you still haven't got married,
or else why would you
still be living in his house?
Is that so?
I know all too well how hard
you fell in love with that man, hmm.
[scoffs]
When Jang Gang said
that he liked to eat acorn jelly,
you climbed that mountain,
yeah, just like a squirrel.
-Like a squirrel!
-Like a squirrel?
I saw you running around
collecting acorns. I saw that.
Oh!
Your point?
Do you find me to be ridiculous
for running around collecting acorns?
Fine, then!
I'll admit I searched around
to collect all sorts of acorns.
That's because
the only way I could express
my feelings for him
was by making acorn jelly.
So fine! Mock me if you want.
[exhales angrily]
I wasn't mocking you.
[sighs]
Seeing you make all that jelly…
made me so sad.
Because I know how…
lonely it feels
when you can't do anything but…
make jelly.
People…
can say whatever
they want to say behind our backs,
but let us… not do the same.
It's obvious to the two of us
that the passionate love we had
back when we were young
could have only ended up…
leaving scars in our hearts.
Hmm.
I was worked up because of Young Master,
and I said some things
I shouldn't have said.
Please forgive me.
I care about Uk just
as much as you, I promise.
I'm afraid that
by opening his gate of energy,
we have broken a barrier that had been
intended to help keep him safe.
That's why I reacted like that.
There may come a time that I have to…
break his spirit
and block his way to progress.
Try not to resent me too much, though.
And let's see how it goes.
Oh.
Master, this is wild ginseng tea.
Please drink up.
Ginseng?
I'll have it once I get back.
Leave it here.
Are you…
giving this to Mu-deok again?
Oh, it's so cold outside.
She deserves something nice and warm.
Why are you making her sweep
when it's so cold right now?
[scoffs]
I see.
That servant is getting
treatment for free.
So I'm making her do her part
in at least sweep the yard.
Why would you make Mu-deok do that?
If it's bothering you that much,
you could have done that.
I have to heat up your medicine,
prepare all your meals,
and take care of you.
Mu-deok takes care of me all right.
Don't worry about me, okay!
Oh!
I see.
So then, all you need is Mu-deok
right now. Is that correct?
[maid Kim] Hmm.
Me, your useless servant,
will just go out, and sweep the yard
as if I were Mu-deok.
I mean, it just feels like…
you're going out of
your way because of me.
Yeah, how long did it take
to boil this ginseng for me?
It took me an entire day to boil it.
And that's what I'm saying.
You probably didn't sleep
a wink last night.
Do you think that makes me
happy or unhappy, huh?
-Unhappy.
-You see?
I put you through a lot
these past few days
with all the trouble I've caused.
Huh?
Just look… just look how tired you are.
You had porcelain skin, yeah.
You're the one
who really needs this ginseng tea.
So then, why do you keep
giving me trouble to worry about?
I don't even know
what to tell the leader at this point.
Just let him punish me.
Now with my gate of energy open,
I can be part of Songrim.
Now that your gate's open,
are you truly that happy?
Uh-huh, that's right.
Once I enter into Songrim
and become better than Yul and Dang-gu,
he'll start to regret
that he didn't take me in much sooner.
[chuckles]
Maidservant Kim, please eat this.
Thank you for the ginseng.
I appreciate it.
-Mm.
-Thanks.
[chuckles]
[exhales happily]
Oh, you must be
that poisonous servant of his.
[doctor] Why are you out here?
We just treated the wounds.
They could get infected.
As I am a servant
who received treatment for free,
I was told I needed to do
some chores to show my gratitude.
Maidservant Kim is a wise woman.
Make it nice and tidy.
Then tend the medicinal herbs.
[Mu-deok] Yes.
You just wait, Heo Yeom.
Today, I may be sweeping your front yard.
But one day, I will be
sweeping up all of Sejukwon.
[Heo Yeom grunts]
[Heo Yeom] Hey! What are you doing?
Did you do that on purpose?
Never.
I think that you did it on purpose.
That is absurd.
Such an odd girl!
This ear…
I have seen an ear that looked like this.
Have I ever received
treatment from me before?
How could someone like myself
ever get treated at Sejukwon?
Hmm.
-Your ear looks very familiar.
-[grunts]
-Ah!
Sweep properly. Humph!
[Mu-deok exhales]
He almost ripped my ear off.
[doctor] Try to bear with it.
The Master's simply taking his anger
with the Young Master out on you.
It's fine! The world we live in
is meant to pick on the powerless.
I'll just stay quiet next time.
You understand, so try not to resent him.
He gave up ten years
of his torrent of energy
so your Young Master will heal faster.
Go rest when you're done here.
Ten years of his torrent energy?
[scoffs]
Hey, what took you so long?
Come over here. This is the wild ginseng--
Mu-deok, what are you…
What's wrong with you?
-Just stay still.
-Oh!
Again, I did not bring you in here
for this kind of thing.
This isn't how a master
and pupil should act towards each other.
[Mu-deok shushes]
Honestly.
What are you doing right now?
Checking the core of your energy.
Breathe like normal.
[exhales softly]
[uplifting music playing]
It's there.
[laughs softly]
It is really there.
I just knew you were special.
Hey, get off!
Is there something inside of me, then?
A torrent of energy.
Heo Yeom put an immense torrent
of energy inside of you.
A torrent?
Uk seems to have mostly recovered now.
You must now retrieve your energy.
If it surges wrong,
it could possibly drive him insane.
How could he even manage
to use something like that?
His gate of energy just opened.
He doesn't actually know
how to do anything at all.
You're worrying about nothing.
He probably doesn't know that
he's got this spectacular energy inside.
[Mu-deok]
We'll steal his torrent of energy.
Your core's currently filled
with the energy that Heo Yeom gave to you.
This means you've reached Jipsu already.
I had no idea
that precious thing was inside of me.
It takes years to gather
this kind of torrent energy,
but you just got it for free.
And Heo Yeom is the best
you could ask for.
[chuckles] You are lucky!
I thought that old man
really hated me, though.
I am surprised that he gave me this.
He probably just gave it to you to
help you recover faster from the poison.
He'll take it back soon.
[Jang Uk] He can't possibly do that.
It's in my stomach, so it's mine now.
It may be inside you, but it can't truly
be yours if you cannot control it.
He'll just take it back whenever.
So, I don't lose it, I need to control
the energy, which means I need…
to breathe the same rhythm
as the source's energy.
It seems like those 12 masters managed
to teach you a thing or two.
You're right.
[Heo Yeom breathing deeply]
[Mu-deok] The energy of your core
is controlled by your breathing.
With that said,
every mage breathes differently.
Because there's a lot of variation
in the length and depth
in their inhales and exhales.
With Heo Yeom's torrent of energy,
we'll have to control it
with his breathing technique.
I highly doubt
that old man will teach me how.
Should we just try different breathing
techniques and see what best fits?
If you were to use
a wrong breathing technique,
you could lose control and go mad.
And then blood would ooze out
of every orifice in your body
until you eventually
just keel over and die.
So, shall we give it a try?
No.
You are way, way, way too extreme.
Try to think of some way
I can keep this energy and live to see it.
The most basic breathing technique is one
that is given to you by your own family.
Heo Yeom is from the Seo family.
So anyone in that family should be using
the same breathing technique.
-Seo Yul.
[whimsical music playing]
Just go and ask him.
Aren't you close to him?
Yul is a very cautious guy.
If I go and ask, he'll know something's up
and tell Heo Yeom right away.
[sighs]
Ten breaths.
No, seven is just as plenty.
I would know for sure if I put
my hand on his core of energy.
He'll break your wrist
even before he breathes once.
[Mu-deok] Maybe. He's not at all like you.
Me?
What about me, though?
Huh? What's with that condescending look?
You know that doesn't make me
feel very good.
Regardless, I don't think
I can do to him what I did with you.
No, no, no, no, no! Mu-deok.
Look right into my eyes.
You find it hard to touch Yul
but you're totally fine touching me?
Is that what you're saying right now?
You're so immature.
Is that what's important right now?
-Imma-- Immature?
-[clicks tongue]
Well, yes, it's important right now.
What? Are you insane? What are you doing?
I'm not insane.
-No, actually I am insane. I am insane.
-Let go of me.
You little…
[grunts]
-What are you two doing?
-Oh!
[awkward chuckle]
Hmm.
Why are you bullying
poor Mu-deok over here?
She's still unwell.
I swear I wasn't bullying her.
-[groans]
-Huh?
-[Dang-gu] You poor girl!
-[groans]
I thought you'd at least
be nice for a few days.
[scoffs]
[Dang-gu] Mu-deok, are you all right?
-[groans]
-[sighs]
Your Young Master demands
a lot from you, doesn't he?
Not only do you take care of him,
you also have to amuse him
whenever he's bored.
He'll ask for hot water,
but as soon as I bring it,
he'll ask for cold.
-Yeah, that--
-[Dang-gu] He'll say his food is salty,
so you add water but then
it's too bland and needs more salt.
-Me?
-He is so immature and so picky.
-He's lazy, and he's so full of himself.
-You…
[Mu-deok sighs]
[Mu-deok] But what can I do?
He's my Young Master,
so I have no choice but to serve him.
[Dang-gu] Mu-deok, you seem to know
everything about him already.
I am so embarrassed for you.
Anyway, why are… you both here
and not at Sejukwon?
Oh, we were watching Yul just now.
Mu-deok asked if we could see him.
Yul, you said?
Then, just go over there and see him.
What are you doing over here?
[Mu-deok clears throat]
She was spying on him.
Mu-deok said she had
quite a difficult time
when approaching him as it were,
so I've been spying on him with her.
[snarls]
Hmm, do you really have
feelings for Yul, Mu-deok?
-I don't--
-Oh, Dang-gu.
You seem to know everything
about Mu-deok already, huh?
Gosh! I'm so embarrassed
for you right now.
-Young Master! You've got it all wrong.
-Hmm. Mm-hmm, don't hide it!
Many women have had
their hearts captured by Yul.
-It's totally natural to feel that way.
-That's not--
I can help Mu-deok with this silly crush.
So, Uk, you can head over
to the reception room.
Why?
Master Heo wants to see you.
What?
[suspenseful music playing]
[coughing]
Oh! Oh!
I heard you asked for me.
[Heo Yeom chuckles]
[Jang Uk sighs]
I did.
Your cough sounds very nice and clear.
I take it you're feeling better, then.
I still feel dizzy and very nauseous, too.
Oh, I also keep fainting.
Although, I have been
getting better, thanks to you.
This morning, I watched with my own eyes,
you and your servant
running around quite energetically.
It's strange how worse you've got now.
Ah.
Hey, stand before me.
I need to recover something from you.
-[gasps]
-Before you do,
I have something
that I'd like to give you, sir.
Hmm.
To me?
I know you've been hating me since I
let goats into the Sejukwon herb garden,
back when I was
an immature, spoiled child.
Those goats ate all of
my medicinal herbs in the garden
and those goats are still living
because of it.
Even after I did, you still saved my life
and kept me alive.
So, I'm forever grateful for that.
I thought you were a buffoon,
but it seems that you've learned
to express your gratitude.
That's why I've prepared
something special for you.
-Hey, Maid Kim. Hmm.
-Huh?
[light music playing]
This wine was made from spring water
found on a Southern volcanic island.
It's some of the best dark wine
to drink in all Daeho.
The Young Master said
that he wanted to thank you,
so I went to great lengths
to acquire it for you.
[laughs]
Such a rare delight!
[chuckles]
[Heo Yeom sniffs]
-Just one bottle for this Master?
-Hmm.
Mm.
-[maid chuckles]
-[laughs]
[clapping]
You really know how to express
how thankful you are, right?
Maidservant Kim, you did
an excellent job raising this young man.
[Heo Yeom laughs]
Bring it here. Bring it here. Over here.
Oh, goodness gracious.
[laughs]
Ah, three bottles, yeah?
[laughter continues]
[Cho-yeon] Mother.
They're saying that Uk's gate
of energy is finally opened.
We couldn't do anything to help him before
because of the Gwanju
of Cheonbugwan's orders,
but maybe now we could actually
accept him as part of the Jin family?
That boy called off your engagement after
taking advantage of you and your name.
Can you really still like him?
Not him. I was the one
who took advantage of him.
I used his closed gate
of energy against him
to try and make him join our family.
Don't lie for him.
He said he would live with us
if we opened his gate of energy.
That's why he seduced you.
Well, it happened anyway.
If you had just opened
his gate of energy back then,
you could have had a new son-in-law,
and I would have married the man
I wanted to marry.
Would have been lovely.
Cho-yeon.
Even if his gate is now open,
the son of Jang
will never get the chance
to become my son-in-law.
You need to take
your sister Bu-yeon's place
and be the leader
that guards Jinyowon for the family.
Find a man you can lean on for support.
[sighs]
If only she was still alive,
I could have married any man I wanted.
[gasps softly]
I-I didn't mean it, Mother.
Just go and check if
Gwigu's pot is back in one piece.
Yes.
[soft music playing]
Uk intentionally broke our precious Gwigu.
If I even asked him to marry me,
would he accept?
So Young Master Yul sleeps in the room
at the end of the hall, you said?
Mm-hmm. Yul enjoys his peace and quiet.
What time does he usually go to bed?
Oh, if he's not swarmed,
Yul normally goes to bed early,
gets up early too.
-Mm-hmm
-Why?
Are you going to see him
while he's fast asleep?
[laughs softly]
You cannot do that, no matter what.
[chuckles]
Instead…
he always eats at the same hour,
so find him in the dining hall.
Yes.
[Mu-deok]
I need to do way more than just see him.
I need to touch him.
[Dang-gu grunts]
[dramatic music playing]
Mu-deok, are you okay?
[Dang-gu] Hey, Yul.
Outsiders do not have permission
to read the books in Jeongjingak.
[Dang-gu] Oh, come on!
She's just helping me.
Besides, all of these books
are about martial arts and spells, anyway.
She wouldn't understand any of it.
You're pretty agile.
Do you know any martial arts?
I…
I learned a little dancing
when I was working at the brothel.
That's why I'm agile when I move.
[Dang-gu gasps, claps]
[both laugh]
Where is Dong-i?
I need his help, but I can't find him.
Uh, Dong-i is not here but Mu-deok is.
Hey, Mu-deok, why don't you accompany Yul
during his errand?
I'll come help you.
That's all right, I'm fine.
[Dang-gu] Go! Go, go, go, go, go!
[sighs happily]
Young Master, shall I clean something?
Young Master, are you trying to get
something to eat? Can I get it for you?
Young Master! Oh, Master…
[whimsical music playing]
[laughs softly]
This is where the Jeongjingak mages live.
Don't follow me further.
[door closes]
He said he goes to sleep early.
I wonder if he's going to bed.
Is this the bathhouse?
Hmm.
[gasps]
I told you I didn't need your help.
Why are you following me?
Oh.
It felt like there was something
I could help you with,
so that's why I followed you.
Is…
there something you want from me?
[Mu-deok] I just need to touch him.
Now is my chance.
What's the real reason
you followed me into the bathhouse?
-Oh…
-[footsteps approaching]
[indistinct background chatter]
[mage 1] My body is so heavy…
[suspenseful music playing]
[chatter continues]
[mage 2] …rice and soup, really?
[Mu-deok] I must do it now!
Just seven breaths
and I'll know his technique.
[gasps]
-[exhales]
-One breath.
Two.
Three.
[exhales sharply]
Four.
[Seo Yul grunts]
[Seo Yul exhales deeply]
What was that all about?
[Mu-deok]
I was so close to learning his technique.
I saw you staring at me with Uk earlier.
So, tell me why you're following me.
[Mu-deok]
I just need to touch him one more time.
I want to know why.
I am in love with you!
[gasps]
[upbeat music playing]
[grunts]
Are you all right?
[groans]
Of course not!
[grunts]
Huh?
Seeing as you're trying to touch my core,
you must be after my breathing technique.
I already told you
that I'm in love with you.
You really are quite an excellent liar.
That move earlier was
martial arts, not dancing.
Having lived a difficult life,
I had to learn a little martial arts
in order to keep myself alive.
Are you trying to do this thing for Uk?
I assume then he is trying
to control the torrent of energy in him.
But Uk can't do it,
even with my technique.
So, stop wasting your time.
Just get treated, then leave.
So, I guess you do remember me then,
Seo Yul.
[soft music playing]
[Mu-deok whistling]
[Heo Yeom] I didn't ignore you
because I hated you.
Yeah!
Your mother, Do-hwa,
was just like a daughter to me.
I'm pretty much your grandfather.
You… you brat!
You little buffoon!
[moans]
-[sighs]
-Yes, Grandfather.
[Jang Uk sighs]
Your mother, Do-hwa,
was a very kind-hearted spirit.
Was she really?
Ah, she sure was! You have to know that.
No matter what anyone says,
you need to know that.
[moans]
You poor kid!
[Jang Uk]
The length and depth of each breath
as he inhales and exhales.
[scoffs]
That's not easy to pick up,
but you play very well.
There are many things I know how to do.
Give it back.
It looks like it's very old.
Why would you carry around
something that's this old?
It belongs to an old friend.
Seeing as it's in your possession
instead of your friend's,
I'll take it that
your friend is no longer here.
Yeah.
The friend who own it died.
It means a lot, so give it back to me.
I will only give it back
if you teach me your technique.
You said it was
going to be useless anyways.
And to me, this is equally as useless.
So let's swap.
This means absolutely nothing to me,
so I wouldn't even care if I broke it.
[somber music playing]
You can have three breaths.
[soft music playing]
[groans]
Where did she go, huh?
Hmm, what's with that look on your face?
Is that a face you make
when someone's hard or easy to touch?
I love him.
That's what you wanted me to do, isn't it?
I followed Yul around saying I loved him
and he showed me how to do it.
Oh!
How can someone as sensitive as you
who kills every person
who gets close to you
fall in love with someone for the sake
of their pupil. I'm very grateful, Master.
And you?
Heo Yeom didn't retrieve
his torrent of energy from you, did he?
It's safe. And I learned
his breathing technique,
so you don't have to fall in love.
You really were able to learn it?
Don't lie to me.
Since I learned how
you're just trying to act
like you could do it, too. Right?
I matched my breathing to his,
focusing deep on my own core of energy,
then I felt something move inside me.
The energy is moving now.
It really worked.
Were you standing
this close to Yul earlier?
Be careful. Someone could see
the mark in your eyes.
But I've been using the eye drops.
When I looked in the mirror,
I didn't see it. Do you see them?
I can see it if I get this close.
If you fall for him,
you'll have to get this close to him.
So you can't just fall for anyone.
Only I can get this close, okay?
All right, only you can get that close.
I'll try my best not to fall for Seo Yul.
Wait! What?
Why do you have to try
not to fall for him, huh? Why?
He's just so handsome.
It takes a lot of work
not to fall for a guy who's so attractive.
What about me, then?
Oh, poor Mu-deok, have you been
struggling to not fall for me as well?
Not at all.
Wait! Why not?
You're not making any sense.
-Mu-deok, just say you had a hard time.
-Yes, Young Master.
-Say it like you mean it.
-Yes, sir.
-Are you going to keep this up?
Come on. Please, humor me.
[upbeat music]
[grunts]
[mages grunting]
[grunting]
[Gil-ju shouts]
[grunts]
[Jin Mu] Sire.
Judging by the energy
at the tip of your sword,
it appears you've finally reached
the highest stage of Ryusu.
[laughs softly]
It's all thanks to your guidance,
Assistant Gwanju.
The only person that is
on the same level as you, Your Highness,
is most likely Seo Yul
from the Seo family.
Her Majesty the Queen and Yul's father,
General Seo, are siblings.
Isn't that correct?
Yul and I were pretty close as children,
but we've gone apart
since he went to Songrim.
Did you know Seo Yul, Park Dang-gu,
Jang Uk, and Jin Cho-yeon
are referred to as the Four Seasons.
[scoffs]
Let them have their fun.
Hold on.
Why is Jang Uk one of the four
when he can't use spells?
I heard that he's able to now.
His gate of energy has opened.
Jang Uk's gate of energy is opened?
He can't possibly do much even if it is.
He is the son of
Cheonbugwan's Gwanju, Jang Gang.
Just recently,
he came to me asking
to have Naksu's sword.
He did what?
[Jang Uk] Were you afraid
that I'd unsheathe her sword?
[Go Won] So you just gave it to him?
His Majesty clearly ordered you
to keep it in Cheonbugwan.
The Gwanju position is still held
by a member of the Jang family.
I had no choice, sir.
That was very bold of him.
I assume he thought he was better than me.
After all, I was only his father's student
if you think about it.
I was not even his official pupil.
Because he initially took me in
as his personal servant
after I was kicked out by the Jin family.
But you are the master
of the Daeho Crown Prince.
How dare he do that to you.
That's practically
the same as insulting me.
I, Jin Mu, am sorry that someone…
as lowly as me is your master.
[exhales deeply]
Someday…
I will teach Jang Uk
how to mind his manners.
[dramatic music playing]
That sword there belongs to
Jang Uk's father, doesn't it?
I had…
promised to take Jang Uk into Songrim
if he unsheathed his father's sword.
Now that his gate's open, it's possible.
Will you really let him
become a mage of Songrim?
Go and bring Uk as soon as you can.
[Jin] Who did you say
is the father of this child?
He's the late king's son.
That child is the only heir of the king!
You're saying he's the king's…
who died last year?
The late king
died from an illness so severe that
in his final days, he couldn't even move.
So how is that possible?
On the day this child was born,
a star that determines
the next king was discovered.
The late king's brother has taken over
the throne of this kingdom
and he has a son to succeed him.
If the royal family finds out
this is the destined king…
the only way they'll see this is…
as treason.
[Jang Gang] His existence alone will bring
chaos to Daeho.
We must not let him be someone
who attracts attention
or challenges anyone.
He must be a complete nobody.
[Jang Uk] I would like to offer
my sincere apologies
for all the trouble and chaos
I've created in Songrim.
It was Songrim who made the decision
to open your gate of energy,
so you won't be held responsible.
[Jang Uk] I, the eldest son
of the Jang family, Jang Uk,
am now ready to be in my training.
So, if Songrim will accept me,
I will do my very best.
And to prove my loyalty to Songrim,
I will give you Naksu's sword
that I received from Jin Mu,
to keep here in Songrim's Sword Room.
There's no need.
That sword was meant for the Jang family,
your family should continue
to keep it safe.
[Jin]
You may also take your father's sword
that has been kept here as well.
As of this moment,
Jang Uk is forbidden from Songrim.
I've always allowed you to freely enter
as you were the son
of my old and dear friend, Jang Gang.
But you have no right to come
and enter Songrim as a mage.
So from now on,
Jang Uk will be forbidden to access even
a single word from any book in Songrim.
You must now hand over your Spirit Plaque
that has granted you entry.
[scoffs]
I don't have it.
What?
The Spirit Plaque.
I lost it.
What kind of punishment is given to…
those who lose the Spirit Plaque?
[Jang Uk] A hundred floggings, my lord.
Then I have no choice but to hereby order
a hundred floggings for Jang Uk.
[dramatic music playing]
[breathes heavily]
He has Master Heo's torrent of energy,
so he'll be fine.
Don't get involved.
You'll just make things worse.
[exhales shakily]
[grunting]
[grunting continues]
[somber music playing]
[Jin] Jang Uk, you must leave Songrim
and are forbidden
from ever returning again.
[Jang Uk breathes heavily]
Now, go.
No, I can't.
Not now.
I can't leave this way.
[Jang Uk breathes shakily]
I was flogged 99 times.
There's one remaining.
As for the last one…
you should do it yourself.
[Jang Gang] I'm just doing
what I can to save his life.
If he lives as my son
with his gate of energy blocked,
he will have a chance to survive.
But if he ever tries to find his own
destiny instead of living as my son…
he will not make it out alive.
[somber music playing]
[Jin] Uk, just stand down and give up,
don't try to be anything more.
That's the only way you'll survive.
[chuckles]
[breathes heavily]
Mu-deok…
go get the sword.
[closing theme music playing]
Let's go.
[Jang Uk] I want to unsheathe it
and show them all.
-Am I full of it?
-Of spirit.
[Mu-deok] Carry it with you.
There's another sword here
which you cannot unsheathe.
That sword belongs to
Yong Master's father, Your Highness.
[Go Won] I must take it with me
when I leave.
Whoever wins shall take it.
[Jang Uk] I would have to be
full of it to think
that I can compete with you right now.
However, I would call that spirit,
so I will try my best.
[Mu-deok] I'm too weak to
fight him myself, so I did what I could.
[Seo Yul] You've managed to put him
in danger once again.
[Mu-deok] Then he will get
what he wants once more.